FIX: Readded USB Design and added USB implementaiton (#83)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/5.Solution/USBImplementation.tex

\section{USB implentation}
\label{sec:usbimp}
In Section~\ref{sec:usbdes} a high level description of the USB communication between the computer and the NXT was described.

> This section will describe the specifics of the implementatio of the USB receiver on the NXT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will describe the specifics of the implementation of the USB receiver on the NXT.
```

The USB receiver has 3 parts, which is also shown in Figure~\ref{fig:compusb}.

\subsection{Handshake}

> The

Reviewer 2: Det virker lidt "half ass"

\begin{lstlisting}[language=CSharp,label={lst:usbhandshake},caption={ecrobot\_device\_initialize method from nxt.c}]
    void ecrobot_device_initialize(void) {
        init_motor(NXT_PORT_A, 'y', 20);
        init_motor(NXT_PORT_B, 'x', 20);
        ecrobot_init_usb();
    }
\end{lstlisting}
Snippet~\ref{lst:usbhandshake} shows the initializion of the NXT device. 
\texttt{ecrobot\_device\_initialize} is invoked by NXTOSEK on program startup.
The essential function call for function call is the ecrobot\_init\_usb() call.
This function is a part of the NXTOSEK API and is required to use the NXT's USB port for communication.
As mentioned in Section~\ref{sec:usbdes}, this part posed a few challenges, as it was not clearly documented.

> However the challenges were primarily on the computer side, and will not be elaborated further here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The next part of the USB receival is the actual continous retrieval from the USB buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next part of the USB receival is the actual continuous retrieval from the USB buffer.
```

\begin{lstlisting}[language=CSharp,label={lst:usbreceive},caption={get\_target\_location method from data\_receive.c}]
    bool get_target_location(T_TARGET_LOCATION *out_location) {
	int32_t len;
	uint8_t data[SIZEOF_USB_DATA];

    memset(data, 0, SIZEOF_USB_DATA); /* flush buffer */
	/* critical section */
	GetResource(USB_Rx);
	len = ecrobot_read_usb(data, 0, SIZEOF_USB_DATA); /* read USB data */
	ReleaseResource(USB_Rx);

	if (len > 0)
	{
		if (*((uint32_t *)data) == DISCONNECT_REQ)
		{
			/* disconnect current connection */
			ecrobot_disconnect_usb();
			show_init_screen();
			return false;
		}
		*out_location = *((T_TARGET_LOCATION *)data);
		display_target_location(*out_location);
		return true;
	}
	return false;
}
\end{lstlisting}

> The get\_target\_location fuction handles both the second part of the USB receive, the continous read, and the third part, the potential disconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The \textit{get\_target\_location} function handles both the second part of the USB receive, the continuous read, and the third part, the potential disconnect.
```

The GetResource(USB\_Rx) call, locks the USB resource for other processes.

> It then reads the data from the usb buffer, with the ecrobot\_read\_usb call, into the data unsigned integer data and releases the USB resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then reads the data from the USB buffer, with the \textit{ecrobot\_read\_usb} call, into the data unsigned integer data and releases the USB resource.
```

If nothing is read from the USB, meaning if the length of the read data is $0$, it returns false.

> Next it checks if the data match the disconnect statuscode, which is defined as \texttt{0xFFFFFFFF} in the data\_receive.h header file.

Reviewer: "next it" ......... bør være mere konkret med hvad "it" er

Reviewer: nåh ja, og sæt lige filer i kursiv også

> if that is the case, it turns of the USB communication, and turns on the initialization screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, it turns off the USB communication, and turns on the initialization screen.
```

Otherwise it sets the data that the out\_location pointer points to, to be the read data.
Finally it displays the target location to the NXT screen, which is mostly used for debugging.

> The get\_target\_location function is called from the logic.c file, which contains the logic for the device.

Reviewer: generelt sæt filer og metoder i kursiv, jeg gider ikke skrive det mere, jeg har ikke mere kaffe.
